_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
---

Unsupervised Pleasures is a collection of experimental texts generated by machine learning models trained on [GPT-2](https://openai.com/blog/better-language-models/). The texts have been minimally modified for flow, coherence and structure. All content is 100% A.I. generated.

*Ultimate Fantasy* is a collection of short stories, poems, and artworks generated by [Queer AI](/queerai), a GPT-2 machine learning model trained on 50,000+ conversational pairs derived from scripts in queer theatre.

A goal of these experiments is to better understand the GPT-X models, as well as to develop a methodology for curating small datasets that can be used for poetics, character development and world-building with VQGAN+CLIP, GPT-X, and other large transformer language models.

This project was initiated by [Emily Martinez](https://somethingnothing.me/), as part of her [ML5.js Fellowship](https://processingfoundation.org/fellowships) project, [DIY AI: ML5 Community Starter Kit](https://ml5toolkit.ml/).

Read [What Can Machine Learning Teach Us About Ourselves?](https://medium.com/processing-foundation/what-can-machine-learning-teach-us-about-ourselves-65b268431890), an interview with Emily, to learn more.

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/queermachines) //
[H=N](https://hicetnunc.art/queerai) // 
[VERSUM](https://versum.xyz/user/queermachines)

Commit message:

updated about, index, posts, and css

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
---

## Unsupervised Pleasures

Unsupervised Pleasures is a DIY community library and practice space for people interested in using queer methodologies, glitch feminism, decolonial and other non-normative frameworks to build relationships and un/make things with AI that center pleasure and refuse a normative picture of the world.

<hr/>

## Who is this by/for?

We are artists interested in working with texts and AI using our own archives and “small data”. We want to explore ways of practicing care and support through our technological ecosystems. We want to deepen how we bring queer, glitch feminist, and decolonial methodologies into our everyday lives and work. We want to experiment with glitch, error, and infecting the larger AI systems with a plurality of stories as a strategy of resistance. We are curious to learn if/how these approaches can help us find openings, write new narratives, and create spaces that can hold us in ways that these systems were not designed to.

## Project Goals
- Making AI more accessible and pleasurable for beginners in a supportive environment.
- Centering historically excluded and misrepresented people and knowledge, respectfully and consensually.
- Developing deeper practice with queer, glitch feminism, and decolonial methodologies.
- Focusing primarily on language models (GPT-J) and mutlimodal AI using language prompts (VQGan+Clip)
- Setting up guidelines for preparing datasets that protect the bodies of knowledge of our communities.
- Building machine learning models trained with our datasets.
- Releasing Discord bots, Twitter bots, and other bots trained on our models.
- Creating art, zines and art publications.
- Making (some of) our dataset library publicly available.

## Who is tending this garden?

[Emily Martinez](https://somethingnothing.me), a new media artist working with machine learning, queer technologies, and consensual tech. Emily is a 1st generation immigrant/refugee (Cuba > Miami) and a self-taught coder who believes in the tactical misuse of technology. Their art has been exhibited internationally, mostly thru collaborations with [Anxious to Make](https://anxioustomake.ga) and [Queer AI](https://queer.ai). They started Unsupervised Pleasures as part of their [ML5.js Fellowship](https://processingfoundation.org/fellowships) project to document some of their research and experiments with GPT-2.

[Sarah Ciston](https://sarahciston.github.io), a PhD candidate in Media Arts and Practice at USC who is developing an Intersectional AI Toolkit. Sarah is a self-described "poet-programmer who loves building community through creative-critical code".  

Sarah and Emily both love making zines, building language bots, and are actively working on creating their first dataset collection focused on an ethics of care and mutual aid, and philosophies rooted in love and reciprocity. There will be more to come.
